[Music]
will you ever become famous red carpets
camera flashes interviews dedicated fans
we constantly see fabulous celebrities
living their lives in the public eye but
will you be among your idols one day
let's find out before you grab a pen and
a piece of paper don't forget to hit
subscribe and bring the notification
belt to join us on the bright side of
life
okay I have 10 easy questions for you
for each one of them you'll get three
options under the letters a B and C
don't think too much just choose the
answer that speaks to you the most for
every option you'll get a certain number
of points add them up at the end to find
out whether Fame is your fate so are you
ready then let's get started
question number one
what's the first thing you do in the
morning a breath snoozing go back to
sleep
B check out my social media and recent
news to know what's going on C gigs
start my day with a cup of coffee and a
little snack and practice my hobby if
you went for option a write down ten
points the answer under letter B gives
you 20 points and choosing C equals 30
points question number two what's your
typical Friday night a going out with my
friends meeting new people and having
fun be a good meal and a movie with
loved ones C dedicating time to my hobby
and all the ideas I had during the week
[Music]
if you chose a give yourself 20 points
if B is more you add 10 points to your
score for C write down 30 points
question number 3 do you have any
prominent talents a no not really
but I'm working on it B I'm good at some
things but nothing exceptional C yes and
I keep improving my skills
[Music]
if option a speaks to you the most add
ten points to your final score B gives
you 20 points and C leaves you with 30
whole points question number four our
people drawn to you
a I don't think so I'm usually in my own
bubble doing my own things and I love it
B maybe not sure
C definitely somehow people always
gather around me
[Music]
a equals ten points B gives you 20
points and C stands for 30 points
question number five which award would
you like to win a a Grammy B and Oscar
see a Nobel Prize if a Grammy is your
dream write down 20 points an Oscar
brings you 30 points and a highly
prestigious Nobel Prize leaves you with
10 points question number 6 how do you
feel about being the center of attention
a I try to avoid it as much as possible
B I don't mind it from time to time
actually see I absolutely love it
[Music]
a is worth 10 points B brings you 20
points and C gives you 30 points
[Music]
question number seven how would you
describe yourself a I'm shy and reserved
and I can be kinda lazy sometimes being
I'm ambitious
independent and creative C I'm laid-back
responsible and easy to talk to if
option A describes you in a nutshell
write down ten points ambitious guys and
girls who chose B can give themselves 30
points and laid back and fun C's should
add 20 points to their score question
number 8
[Music]
which superhero do you like the most
aim Wonder Woman she's independent
strong and charming be Iron Man
he's extremely smart and hilarious the
best combo you can have see Captain
America he's righteous brave and has a
heart of gold
[Music]
if Wonder Woman is your faith write down
20 points
Ironman brings you 30 points and Captain
America is worth 10 points question
number 9 you and your friends decide to
organize a fun little charity concert
how are you going to participate hey I'm
going to be in the crowd enjoying my
friends performances be I'll help
decorate everything see oh I'd love to
be the main singer or the host a gets
you 10 points B is worth 20 points
choosing C provides you with 30 points
[Music]
question number 10 what's the worst
thing about being famous a having almost
zero privacy mean everybody discussing
and judging your every move
see I don't see any disadvantages to be
honest
[Music]
option a gives you 20 points if you
chose B write down 10 points C brings
you a solid 30 points okay now that
you've answered all the questions it's
time to add up your points are you ready
to find out more about your future the
results are in if you scored 100 to 170
points it's unlikely that you'll become
famous but that's simply because you
don't really care about Fame and the
limelight you're all about doing the
things you love and spending time with
the people who matter most this doesn't
mean that you won't be successful though
you have an incredible work ethic which
will certainly work wonders for you and
your charming and adorable personality
will definitely attract even more
amazing people your way so there's
nothing to worry about
your life will be colorful impressive
and happy famous or not just keep up all
the hard work and enjoy the journey
if your final result is between 180 and
250 points there's a good chance you'll
be famous one day you're naturally
charismatic fun and easygoing and these
qualities help you attract people the
only thing that stands between you and
the fame is your occasional laziness
you're not a big fan of hard and
repetitive work you're way more into
going on adventures and having fun
you're really talented and have many
hobbies but you don't take time to
improve your skills as a result
you were only alright at everything you
do so your task is to find a balance
between fun times and self-improvement
pick a hobby you want to turn into your
future job and practice every day to
become the best at it considering how
fast you learn it won't be long till you
perfected
finally if you got more than 260 points
congratulations
someday everybody will know your name
and it's not like your family and
friends will be surprised by this since
your magnetic hardworking and very
dedicated to what you do your magical
recipe is simple you know what you want
and you work on yourself every single
day you love being the center of
attention and use your charisma wisely
trying to inspire others and help them
find their niche in life too the only
thing that you should be careful with is
not letting fame go to your head
make sure you surround yourself with
people who will keep you grounded and
take care of you and don't forget about
your craft for the fame game remember
what you're doing this for keep going
and I guess I'll see you on the red
carpet one day so which results did you
get tell us in the comment section below
don't forget to give this video a like
share it with your friends and click
Subscribe stay on the bright side
[Music]